like these
snack what happened snack I'm different
what happened death cause clean
city and not state
wanted so what does it mean to do
what procedure will be performed that
what is our administrative procedure
will be held a policeman can
to tell
you talk louder about can't hear me
just hearing bad reward that he
still 40 702
identity can yours deployed
After all, your ID is deployed
as I can here that the giant scrapbook
what release and what does it mean
identity not the chest there that all
4070 2 Ie this is the certificate
This model will be issued but give as
will come out then you will stop me
OK
I do not need a friend you me
you stopped me see everything start
call or mark us call
need to
you are now playing on how are you
surnames for a handful and my name is arthur
Arthur Radovich
iksanov arthur dick can just arthur not
I have such a great honor
question to you why without certification
now got on the line in charge
by the way
and that does not change me is not interested
no discharge at all
can be understand and no one as
no citizens have the right here
stand feeling show how and here
There is a statement you can just show no
you are now accelerating
that I also have an extract from the order
than he so look at each other what
what is your statement of the order can
you are welcome
why are you and I'm good here
there is here and there is a good feeling
an extract from the order that she gives an extract
from the order can I go you can not
for the position of whom
and that he will show a but he was not so
show on a piece of paper
this is the type of aging you give so
I understand the process of shifting tuition
paper you because this is what I was
duty is you know who to say comrade
Ilyenko speak lieutenant colonel to me this is not
should be good to say here is how to get in
property office then we are with you
talk as a police driver
you are not currently
the cop that's how they transfer you then
can we talk to you i think
I'll definitely meet you, of course
I will hope for it all you I can I
all thanks to the sedan
drove then missed